Add docs for content audit log filter #458 (#459)
enonic/doc-xp: docs/deployment/config.adoc

auditlog.enabled:: Set to `false` to disable the creation of audit log entries on content API operations. Default: `true`.
IMPORTANT: Audit log can be disabled by common `<<audit_enabled, enabled>>` property. Content flag won't affect anything in this case.

image:xp-7120.svg[XP 7.12.0,opts=inline]

> auditlog.filter:: Comma separated values `rule(,rule)\*` of allow/deny rules. Default: `*` (allow all).

Reviewer: default is different `!system.content.update,*`

> Rule can be prefixed with `!` - that it is a `deny` rule, otherwise it is an `allow` rule.
> Rule can be suffixed with `*` - that is a wildcard rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A rule prefixed with `!` is a `deny` rule, otherwise it is an `allow` rule.
A rule suffixed with `*` is a wildcard rule.
```

> Rules applied in order. First matching rule wins. If no matching rule found, event type is denied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rules are applied in sequence. A first matching rule wins. If no matching rule found, event type is denied.
```
